the girag an experience I asked us
historian on my podcast if they were
really that bad he spent his life
studying the Mongols I said no they
really that bad and he said yeah they
were really there's no dude well huh
don't worry Wall in China the Great Wall
china was built to keep the Mongols out
and if you go there now I was just I
just got back from China on monday i
went to the Great Wall like two weeks
ago but the first time I went to the
Great Wall was about 12 years ago and
there's Mongolian people hang out on the
top just a few of them that are like
selling things like woman selling
postcards and cheap stuff and i bought
some postcards was like a dollar i gave
the woman at ten she wouldn't give me
the change so would you know the change
they might be brought in people
historically but i also want to remind
you that they'll cheat you at the Great
Wall hey Tom Thomas outrageously
wouldn't be no she the Great Wall she
wouldn't give you change how does that
go down I you know hey good friend good
friend you know it was just want to keep
the money it was awkward yeah she's just
like a goodness in yeah yeah yeah yeah
good friend that's interested friend I
would just hit the great wall again did
you get your money I didn't they there
was a few they're selling like cokes and
some different trinkets I didn't I
didn't fall for it this time it's crazy
yeah yeah you'd attend right wall ten
dollars did you never got it back no wow
no no I'm a detailed question there at
the great 104 is a to z kangan if he had
my friend my good friend what happened I
got a video on youtube Beijing Tom
Rhodes Beijing and it's on there I've
had my camera running oh you could see
the woman's a woman's money giving me
the change it's in my little Beijing
video and what's the video title yeah
it's Tom Rhodes Beijing and what and
what's in that video also is the
greatest thing as great as the Great
Wall is there is a toboggan slide that
you go down as a little you get it
sitting like a little luge plastic thing
and you got to stick between your legs
and you push it forward to go fast and
pull it back to slow down and it's windy
and it's got some huge drops in it and I
went there I don't remember that damn
there's three there's three sections
disorders can go to the great wall and
there's only the one
section that has this fantastic
magnificent slide and it's thrilling and
then you you get down to the bottom and
there's a big it's on that Beijing video
i filmed it while i did it i guess you
actually i just did it again a few weeks
ago and at the bottom are there it is
exactly there's some Chinese soldier
communist guys with like military
jackets on down at the bottom on these
big turns going slow down slow to remove
it because obviously they've had a few
people like fly all it block the corners
oh my god whoa yeah you kid how are you
slowing down how do you slow it down
well you just you pull the stick towards
you oh my god and I did it I would see
that was in winter when I first went but
I just did it again man it's it's I
wanted to go right back up to the top is
that is that it's great as the great
wall is I think that slide is even
cooler and that's as I'll avoid the
Mongols at the top I want to see the
Mongol footage I wanna see that broad
right thing is the only man-made
structure from what I understand that
you can apparently that's horseshit is
that too I thought so here it is here it
is yeah this is Mongolia peachy order
you off you look lung and go out when's
yours nice with the snow on it ok 10
cars just melon go out 01 down or teeth
window yeah we cheer how much is uh
what's that 10 10 yeah stay I change
change change ok will you do that uh
yeah where's my change let's go no no 10
10 change what hey three give me over
110 your change no 110 program dear I'm
feeling ripped off at the Great Wall
give me one of them okay and then we're
even all right what sounds to me like
you asked her 10 I gave her ten there
was a dollar for the post cards right
but she was saying yeah 10 okay if you
go back i think was a miscommunication
no she she thought you were paying ten
bucks that's what it sounded like to me
10 cars the woman who foley was out
looking rotation listen I trust one
dollar yeah Alan get it all right how
much is yes watch this lieutenant good
yea seeing the 1010 yeah I change you
change change okay wait
she's like okay she and shake she did
say change I change montane she's pushy
to look at her she's gonna wait she
slapped you eat enough or not she's
she's every bit as long as you are by
the way don't worry you should probably
eat you yeah no one's around I guess I
just spent three weeks in China she
probably would eat you if I drink my
horses that she gave me that too is that
the the conversation that was a yeah
that's actually not bad deal that wasn't
a bit got a cold metal did yeah you won
you won the bronze exactly ah I just got
back from China on Monday and it's I
have to say the nice thing about our
country is the price is the price you
don't have to how much is this 200 are
you kidding me thats props but you know
they'll give you like the highest price
you want to buy something and you know
it's only a couple dollars knows you say
how much is that $80 turn it was like no
way that that can be 80 dot and then you
get home I like halfway why don't you
just a call tell me what you need yeah
this is all I want to hear Tom Rhodes
and tell my story League please so just
in Hong Kong a few weeks ago and I
remembered this story of something that
happened to me the very first time I
went to Hong Kong was like 12 years ago
and I'd never been to Hong Kong and
China and I was really excited and
wanted to see it I was staying at the
shangri-la Hotel the most opulent fancy
luxurious hotel have ever been in my
life I mean above beyond five stars just
Swank and so the first day I just walked
and walked and wanted to soak as much of
Hong Kong and my eyeballs as I could and
you see the city and I'm walking around
and when I got back to my hotel room at
the end of the day they had put a
goldfish in a little goldfish bowl on my
desk and it had a note and it said
traveling is sacred but no one deserves
to be alone hmm that's why we've
provided the goldfish it's awesome to be
your friend and keep you company Thank
during your stay here thank you so two
nights later Fatboy Slim is doing a
concert on the cal
inside of the harbor I love fatboy slim
I'd never seen him I had you know
somehow got some ecstasy or whatever
remember was and it was it was such a
great night these Chinese people were
just so stylish and fashionable it was I
had fallen out of fashion magazines I
just had such a great time dancing in
the middle and fatboy slim was just
electrifying that night I drank tons and
I got really really drunk you know life
of a car that night when I'm sleeping
back in my hotel room I shit the bed I
like half awake you know that kind of
wet or drunk sleep and I thought it was
a fart you know and I look blow it out
and it's like wet ass P goes all over
the bed yeah and I never had never
should have been oh I never should have
been my welcome to the team I just
absolutely say absolutely ashamed did it
happen I felt tense so the next day I
went and I walked all over the city you
know when I came back to my hotel room
they had taken my goldfish away you need
to bother rollio what he deserves to be
alone except for you you been shitting
you creep in your bed shit and X freak
that's the problem that you see sexy and
tell you shit that was such as a lovely
thing they put a little goldfish in my
room that's nice man beautiful
you